docs: reduce backport volume promised in docs (#12930)
DataDog/dd-trace-py: docs/versioning.rst

       .. _versioning_support_ga:
   * - General Availability (GA)

>      - Bugfixes are released on the most recent General Availability minor release line. New features are released periodically
>        as minor version changes. Critical security fixes are backported to the three most recent minor release lines.

Reviewer: minor nits for consistency

```suggestion
     - Bug fixes are released on the most recent General Availability minor release line. New features are released periodically
       as minor version changes. Critical fixes are backported to the three most recent minor release lines.
```
